"Believe in yourself. Not in the you who believes in me. Not the me who believes in you. Believe in the you who believes in yourself." — "Tengen Toppa Gurren Lagann"
"The world is cruel but also very beautiful." — "Attack on Titan"
"I want you to be happy. I want you to laugh a lot. I don't know what exactly I'll be able to do for you, but I'll always be by your side." — "Inuyasha"
"The world isn't perfect. But it's there for us, trying the best it can. That's what makes it so damn beautiful." — "Fullmetal Alchemist"
"If you don't like your destiny, don't accept it. Instead, have the courage to change it the way you want it to be."
"To be strong is not just about physical abilities. It's about having the courage to make tough decisions." — "Fairy Tail"
"We are not defined by our past, but by the choices we make in the present." — "Sword Art Online"
"Even if I die, I'll come back to haunt you." — "Fairy Tail"
"No matter how deep the night, it always turns to day, eventually." — "One Piece"
"Life is not a game of luck. If you wanna win, work hard." — "No Game No Life"
"Fear is not evil. It tells you what your weakness is. And once you know your weakness, you can become stronger as well as kinder." — "Fairy Tail"
"Life is like a tube of toothpaste. When you've used all the toothpaste down to the last squeeze, that's when you've really lived." — "Gintama"
"Revenge is just the path you take to escape your suffering." — "Bleach"
"If you only face forward, there is something you will miss seeing." — "Kiki's Delivery Service"
"To know sorrow is not terrifying. What is terrifying is to know you can't go back to happiness you could have."~ Matsumoto Rangiku (Bleach)
"We are all like fireworks: we climb, we shine and always go our separate ways and become further apart. But even when that time comes, let's not disappear like a firework and continue to shine.. forever."~ Hitsugaya Toshiro (Bleach)
"Those who stand at the top determine what's wrong and what's right! This very place is neutral ground! Justice will prevail, you say? But of course it will! Whoever wins this war becomes justice!"~ Don Quixote Doflamingo (One Piece)  
"Fear is not evil. It tells you what weakness is. And once you know your weakness, you can become stronger as well as kinder." ~Gildarts Clive (Fairy Tail)  
"Whatever you lose, you'll find it again. But what you throw away you'll never get back."~ Kenshin Himura 
"Fear is freedom! Subjugation is liberation! Contradiction is truth! Those are the facts of this world! And you will all surrender to them, you pigs in human clothing!" ~ Satsuki Kiryuuin 
"I am the hope of the universe. I am the answer to all living things that cry out for peace. I am protector of the innocent. I am the light in the darkness. I am truth. Ally to good! Nightmare to you!" ~ Son Goku 
"Religion, ideology, resources, land, spite, love or just because… No matter how pathetic the reason, it’s enough to start war. War will never cease to exist… reasons can be thought up after the fact… Human nature pursues strife."~ Paine 
"Life is not a game of luck. If you wanna win, work hard." ~ Shiro
"People, who can’t throw something important away, can never hope to change anything."~ Armin Arlert
“I want you to be happy. I want you to laugh a lot. I don’t know what exactly I’ll be able to do for you, but I’ll always be by your side.” ~ Kagome
“Thinking you’re no-good and worthless is the worst thing you can do”~ Nobito 
“Don’t give up, there’s no shame in falling down! True shame is to not stand up again!”~ Shintaro Midorima
